1) What is polymorphism?
Polymorphism is a concept by which we can perform a single action in different ways. Polymorphism is derived from two Greek words: poly and morphs.
The word "poly" means many and "morphs" means forms. So polymorphism means many forms.

2) Explain the functionality of linked list.
A linked list consists of two parts. Information part and the link part. In the single linked list, first node of the list is marked by a unique pointer named as start 
and this pointer points to the first element of the list, and the link part of each node consists of a pointer pointing to the next node, but the last node of the list 
has null pointer identifying the last node. The linked list can be traversed easily with the help of Start pointer.

3) What is normalization of databases, joins, and keys?
Normalization is also known as the process of organizing data in a DBMS efficiently without any loss of data.
Advantages of the normalization process are as follows:
First is eliminating redundant data and ensuring data dependencies make sense.
It reduces the amount of space that the database consumes and ensure that data is logically stored.

Join:
This clause is used in DBMS to combine rows from two or more tables, based on a related column between them.

Keys:
Keys are a crucial part of the relational database model. They are used to identify and establish relationships between tables. 
They are also used to uniquely determine each record or row of data in a table.

Key:
A Key can be a single attribute or a group of attributes acting as a key.

4) What is inheritance?
In, object-oriented programming, inheritance is a mechanism based on classes.Inheritance refers to inheriting the data members and properties of a parent class to a child class.
A class which is derived from another class is often called as a sub-class, and the class from which the child class is derived is known as super-class or parent class.

5) What are the different types of inheritance?
Types of Inheritance:

Single inheritance
Multiple Inheritance
Multi-level Inheritance
Multi-path Inheritance
Hierarchical Inheritance
Hybrid Inheritance

6) Demonstrate the process of inheriting variable of one class to other class?
//Base Class  
class A   
{   
public int a;    
}  

//Derived Class  
class B : A  
{  
a=15;  
}  


7) What are the loops statements?
To execute a block of statement several times in a program depending upon the conditional statement loops are used.
For each successful execution of the loop, the conditional statement should be checked. If the conditional statement is true, then the loop will be executed.
If the conditional statement is false, then the loop will be terminated.

8) What are the four basic principles of OOPS?
The four basic principles of Object-Oriented Programming System are listed below:

Abstraction
Inheritance
Encapsulation
Polymorphism.

9) What is Database Management System?
A Database Management System is a software system is used for creating and managing databases. 
DBMS make it possible for the end user to create and maintain databases. DBMS provides an interface between the end user/application and the databases.

10)List different advantages of DBMS?
The list of several advantages of Database Management System:

Improved data security.
Better data integration.
Minimized data inconsistency.
Improved data access.
Improved decision making.
Increased end-user productivity.

11)What is the difference between a Clustered-index and a non-clustered-index?
Clustered Index - Only one per table is allowed
Faster to read than non clustered because the data is physically stored in index order

Non-Clustered Index - Can be used many times in a table
Quicker for inserting and updating operations than a clustered index

12) What is a pointer in C? What is its use?
The pointer is a particular variable which holds the address of another variable of the same type. 
Pointers can be of any data type and structure are allowed in C programming language.
Pointer variable stores the address of another variable of the same data type as the value of the pointer variable.

Following are the uses of pointers:
-To point a variable in the memory.
-Pointers are used to traverse the linked list.
-To point out a structure.

13)Write a c program to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable?
void swap(int &i, int &j)  
{  
i=i+j;  
j=i-j;  
i=i-j;  
}  

14)What is an array?
An array is a group of elements used to store a group of related data of the same data type.
The array uses index number to identify each element in an array.

15)What is the pre-processor?
The pre-processor is just a text substitution tool, and they instruct the compiler to do required pre-processing before actual compilation.

16)Differentiate between 'a' and "a."
"a" is string value whereas 'a' is a character value in c programming language.

17)What is the difference and similarity between C and C++?
C and C++ both use the same syntax. C++ is the extension of the C language. C and C++ both have same compilers. 
C++ language consists of classes and objects whereas there are no classes and objects available in the C language. 
C++ is an OOP based programming whereas C is not OOPS based programming language.

18)What are IPv4 and IPv6? Differentiate between them?
IPv4:
-IPv4 contains 32 bit Ip address.
-The older version of the IP address.
-generates 4.29 x 10^9 unique network addresses

IPv6:
-IPv6 contains 128 bit IP address.
-The newer version of the IP address.
-produces 3.4 x 1038 addresses

19)Describe three levels of data abstraction? Which layer is at the user end?
The three levels of data abstraction are listed below:
-Physical level: This is the lowest level of database abstraction describes how the data are stored.
-Logical level: This level is the next higher level than the physical level of database abstraction, 
which represents the data stored in the database and what relationship among those data.
-View level: This is the highest level of database abstraction describes only part of the entire database.

20)Differentiate between Char and Varchar in DBMS?
Char and Varchar both are the datatypes in DBMS. Char and varchar both datatypes are used to store characters up to 8000. 
The only point of difference between the Char and Varchar is Char fixed length string datatype whereas Varchar, as the name suggests, 
is a variable length character storing data type.

For example, char(7) will take 7 bytes of memory to store the string, and it also includes space. 
Whereas varchar will take variable space, which means that it will only take that much of space as the actual data entered as the data of varchar data type.

21)How is modularity present in C++?
Modularity is the concept explained in oops concept, and it was introduced with class and objects in c++. Functions, classes, structures implements modularity in C++.

22)What are the SQL tables?
A table is a set of related data in a structured format in the database. A table is consists of rows and columns.

